these are the great personalities who
bring a memorable experience to flowing
life Samuel Goldwyn Master P the
screenplay was written by Robert a
Sherwood Pulitzer prize-winning
playwright a Petrified Forest an idiot's
delight from this William Wyler who won
the Academy Award for his direction of
mrs. Miniver wove a pattern of motion
picture magic with Myrna Loy and
Frederick March living through the
heartwarming second bloom of love Dana
Andrews and Teresa Wright feeling the
breathtaking thrill of love at first
sight
Hoagy Carmichael's spreading his own
brand of starters all of them together
giving all of us the best years of our
life
[Music]